what's going on guys crack here and
welcome so medal of honor warfighter
gameplay now today we're playing some
TDM on horror dunes using the spec ops
class and no I did not give up on medal
of honor warfighter i still play it i
still enjoy it and if you guys would
like to see more be sure to snag that
fuckin like a button straight in its
face it would make me happy it would
make you happy it would make everybody
happy and leave the comments in the
comment section below what do you think
because this is the topic what do you
think the future is for this game now I
know that a lot of people don't like the
game but they like to watch me play it
which is understandable I know people
come back from my commentary or for the
gameplay for whatever but for some
reason people like watching marijuana
medal of honor warfighter I get more
views on my videos then there is people
playing medal of honor warfighter right
now but it's still you know if the
numbers keep constant like let's say
three four thousand people playing on
the ps3 I'll still play it I mean sure I
did have a hard time finding a game but
for the most part it's easy mode to find
a game so yes one playing some
warfighter playlist which is a mix of
TDM and sector control but as God as my
witness this is the first time i joined
lobby or whatever and it was just
straight TD MTD MTD MTD and when I was
like holy shit you know give me some
sector controls that I could get some
high scoring game play and these crates
man these crates cost me a life right
there fucking crates but but yeah it's
very easy to find to find a game to find
the lobby and in warfighter playlist for
some reason the game was feeling like it
was in a TDM type of mood so I was like
meh whatever i'll play it so final score
is pretty good for it team deathmatch
it's a pretty nice hi kill to that ratio
and i'm just super comfortable playing
this game i mean i could do whatever the
hell I want and even be successful at it
at one point in this game I'm like a
fucking I'm just gonna go knife and I
wasn't planning on going tonight but I
get like two or three people in a row
with my axe which is pretty nice as far
as the Apache goes as far as the Apache
goes it's I don't even want to get it
it's a waste of our in my opinion waste
of a killstreak spotted they could have
put something else but whatever so you
know I love to kill chicks I love them
of the game I really do enjoy it but as
far as the future of this game goes if
something else if something isn't done
like a proper proper patch isn't
released and yeah the number of the
numbers are just going to dwindle down
and it's going to be a ghost town just
like metal 10 2010 is right now and has
been for fucking ever I mean eight
hundred to a thousand people is not too
much even if you played you know 2010
that might seem like a lot it's not I
mean compared to some other games out
there I mean fuck even black ops tues
numbers are not that high I remember
when black ops one came out and modern
warfare 2 came out and you know even
modern warfare 3 did it no maybe no not
really matter 143 what black ops 1 I
remember when it came out it had like a
fucking 1.9 million people playing on
the xbox it had like 1,000,000 people
playing on the ps3 and that's that's
significant if this game had commercial
success if this game would I don't know
wasn't rushed i guess uh then it would
be awesome even more awesome that it is
now I like it I have a sentiment for it
it's it has very good mechanics I mean I
wouldn't be playing at if I you know if
I didn't like it I do like it but again
as far as the future is concerned if we
don't receive a hefty hefty excuse me
patch for it then yeah shit's not gonna
get done the spec ops doesn't bother me
anymore I mean people can run it
whatever i'll just use backups myself
I'm not gonna put myself at a
disadvantage and I think this is where
it begins my little two maro three men
knifing spree at this point a game I'm
Josiah fuck it you know I have you know
take this guy out and I'm just like let
me switch to my pistol and you sir
should sit down and then I think another
guy is right here he gets taken out and
everybody's happy and especially me
because I can get my score streak
working and I died at the crucial at
most crucial moments I mean right as I
was building up my scholar streak I was
just like you know I die and then i have
to start over and over and over again
even though that i have very little
deaths in this game in this TDM in
particular yeah I just died it's such a
crucial moment that I couldn't get all
my highest killstreak but you know
that's fine it's not all about
because I'd rather get kills with my gun
in general and the Apaches not that good
anyway so again a patch is needed for
this game especially for the audio
issues and for hit registration issues
and for certain bugs like this like why
the hell wasn't I able to go through
there I don't know some collision issues
as well but other than that marketing
was I guess pushed for medal of honor
warfighter I mean you saw pollsters use
of commercials everywhere so the
marketing department did its job but the
execution of the final product by EA and
you know the deadlines and all
everything just together just didn't
click and that's why people just kind of
gave up on the game right now we're
we're seeing steady numbers there's like
three four thousand people playing on
the ps3 there's like two thousand people
playing on the pc and like 3,000 people
playing on the xbox so people didn't
give up on the game altogether but maybe
just maybe fingers crossed if a patch
decides to come it will fix all the
issues because I know that the develop
developers really care about this game
because obviously they made it I care
about the game because I wanted to see
it succeed and I want to have fun with
it and if I'm not gonna be able to find
a lobby well that's red that's a very
bad sign then that it's just not gonna
get better but as far as now if you if
you have the game just you know go and
play it it's still fun our final score
is 18 and three top fire team and and
that's pretty much it leave a like leave
a comment and i will see you six legends
next time thank you for watching